_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       1_gnu    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
absl-py                   0.11.0           py36h5fab9bb_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
astor                     0.8.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.35.1               h193b22a_2    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.35                hc3fd857_29    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
c-ares                    1.17.1               h36c2ea0_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.12.5            ha878542_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
certifi                   2020.12.5        py36h5fab9bb_1    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
gast                      0.4.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         9.3.0               h70c0ae5_18    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              9.3.0               h7247604_29    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
grpcio                    1.16.0          py36h4f00d22_1000    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         9.3.0               hd87eabc_18    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              9.3.0               h0d07fa4_29    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
h5py                      2.10.0          nompi_py36h513d04c_102    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.5          nompi_h5b725eb_1114    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
importlib-metadata        3.4.0            py36h5fab9bb_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
keras                     2.2.4                    py36_1    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
keras-applications        1.0.8                      py_1    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
keras-preprocessing       1.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              h77966d4_13    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.35.1               hea4e1c9_2    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0                7_openblas    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0                7_openblas    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     9.3.0               h7864c58_18    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.3.0               h2828fa1_18    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            9.3.0               hff62375_18    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
libgfortran5              9.3.0               hff62375_18    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
libgomp                   9.3.0               h2828fa1_18    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
libgpuarray               0.7.6             h14c3975_1003    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0                7_openblas    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.12          pthreads_h4812303_1    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.14.0               h780b84a_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  9.3.0               hb016644_18    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.3.0               h6de172a_18    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
mako                      1.1.4              pyh44b312d_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
markdown                  3.3.3              pyh9f0ad1d_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
markupsafe                1.1.1            py36h8f6f2f9_3    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
ncurses                   5.9                          10    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
numpy                     1.19.5           py36h2aa4a07_1    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
openssl                   1.0.2u               h516909a_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
pandas                    0.23.4          py36h637b7d7_1000    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
pip                       21.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
protobuf                  3.14.0           py36hc4f0c31_1    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
pygpu                     0.7.6           py36h68bb277_1002    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
python                    3.6.4                         0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
python_abi                3.6                     1_cp36m    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
pytz                      2021.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
pyyaml                    5.4.1            py36h8f6f2f9_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
readline                  7.0                           0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
scikit-learn              0.20.3           py36ha8026db_1    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
scipy                     1.5.3            py36h9e8f40b_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
setuptools                49.6.0           py36h5fab9bb_3    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
six                       1.15.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
sqlite                    3.20.1                        2    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                h77966d4_13    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
termcolor                 1.1.0                      py_2    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
theano                    1.0.5            py36hc4f0c31_1    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hed695b0_1    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
typing_extensions         3.7.4.3                    py_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
werkzeug                  1.0.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
wheel                     0.36.2             pyhd3deb0d_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_1    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h516909a_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
zipp                      3.4.0                      py_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1010    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/conda-forge
_tflow_select             2.3.0                       mkl    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/pkgs/main
tensorboard               1.11.0           py36hf484d3e_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/pkgs/main
tensorflow                1.11.0          mkl_py36ha6f0bda_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/pkgs/main
tensorflow-base           1.11.0          mkl_py36h3c3e929_0    https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/anaconda/pkgs/main
